#Class Notes

###Creating a repository on github

The process is composed with two steps:
 ==1- Create a repository (repos) on github, and copy the origin upstream link for the repos.== 
 ==2- Go to terminal local machine, and past the instructions for the new repos:==
 <code>mkdir newDir(directory name)</code> /*This will create a directory to contain your repository*/
 <code>echo "#reposname" >> README.md</code> /*This creates a a file and adds the name of the repos in the 1st line.*/
 <code>git init</code> /*Initializes git on the new repos locally*/
 <code> git branch -M main</code> /*This will change the name of the `master` branch to `main`*/
 <code>git remote add origin (paste here the upstream repos link)</code> /*This will connect that local directory with your repository on github*/
 <code>git add . && git commit -m "your message"</code> /*This will register on you git log the activities you just performed*/
 <code>git push -u origin main(if on a branch, use branch name)</code> /*This will push all the changes you made locally to your github directory*/

#####For further information [ click here](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-new-repository)


###Activities
* Branch Out
**Instructions**:
1- Create a new repository locally.
2- Add a readme file to the master branch. Add a heading to file. Make sure to add, commit your changes.
3- Create a branch named `content` and switch to the new branch.
4- Add text to the readme file on the `content` branch. Don’t forget to add and commit these changes.
5- Go back to master and create another branch named `hotfix` from master. Note that the changes in your previous branch, `content`, are not there.
6- View all branches on terminal.

<br>

* New Repos on github 
**Instructions**

1- Create a new repository.
2- Create a readme file.
3- Directly edit that readme file on github and add:
* Your name and age
* You favourite color
* Your favourite language
* A list of your favourite restaurants